# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
The given dataset is bankmarketing_train.csv. This is a sample dataset provided by Microsoft. According to their documentation, the y column indicates if a customer subscribed to a fixed term deposit. The dataset contains information about customers - their job, marital status, education, loan, etc.
This is a classification problem, where we tried to predict whether a customer is subscribed to a fixed-term deposit, or not. 

I have tried out to analyze the cleaned, as well as the raw data. After trying out different models, the best accuracy reached for different approaches was:

| Data   | Approach | Accuracy |
| ------------- | ---------|------------- |
| Cleaned data | SKLearn  | 0.91181  |
| Original data | AutoML - VotingEnsemble  | 0.91697  |
| Cleaned data | AutoML - VotingEnsemble  | 0.91643  |

As it can be seen, all three approaches have found best models with similar results. 

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
